The homepage of George Lesica. I'm a resident of Missoula, MT, one of the most remarkable cities in
the world (in my opinion). I'm a software developer and recovering economist. I enjoy hiking,
running, riding my bike to work, craft beer, and fancy programming languages.

  - [Blog](http://goto10line.net/)
  - [Email](mailto:george@lesica.com)
  - [GitHub](https://github.com/glesica)
  - [Keybase](https://keybase.io/glesica)
  - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/george-lesica)

## Noteworthy Projects

**Co-organizer of Missoula Tech** - A group of tech industry folks in a wide variety of roles from
across Montana, centered in Missoula, MT. We organize social, educational, and technical events.
There's also an active Slack workspace. Come check us out at
[https://missoula.tech/](https://missoula.tech/).

**Co-founder of Code for Montana** - A chapter of the [Code for
America](https://www.codeforamerica.org/) organization focused on issues and problems that are
important to Montanans. Right now we're involved in a project to improve access to, and collaboration
between non-profit organizations. We are also involved in an ongoing project to improve the
technical literacy of staff at local non-profits through personalized training and consultation
provided by tech industry volunteers.

**Co-author of The Economics of Seinfeld** - A web site that uses clips from the popular '90s sitcom
"Seinfeld" to teach economics. The site is used widely at the high school and university levels and
has helped inspire a whole sub-genre of economics teaching tools based on pop culture. Check out
the site at [http://yadayadayadaecon.com](http://yadayadayadaecon.com) or the
[publication](https://econpapers.repec.org/article/tafjeduce/v_3a42_3ay_3a2011_3ai_3a3_3ap_3a317-318.htm)
in the Journal of Economic Education.

**Open Source Author and Maintainer** - I have written several mildly popular software packages and
I help maintain a rotating cast of other, more popular, packages. I'm currently the primary
maintainer for the [Testify](https://github.com/stretchr/testify/) testing package for the Go
programming language. I originally wrote the [Julia language
driver](https://github.com/glesica/neo4j.jl) for the Neo4j database, although it has since been
forked and improved by others. I also wrote a tool called
[DCDG](https://github.com/glesica/dcdg.dart) that will automatically generate a class diagram from
Dart source code.

## Day Job

At the moment, I'm employed as a Senior Software Engineer for [Wheeler Lab](http://wheelerlab.org)
at the [University of Montana](http://www.umt.edu). Most of our work involves applying machine
learning techniques to bioinformatics problems.  In particular, we are working to improve the
accuracy of DNA and protein sequence alignments. This work has broad potential implications in areas
as diverse as agriculture, management of viral epidemics, and the treatment of genetic disorders.

Much of our code is written by student researchers (undergraduate and graduate) who have relatively
little experience building "real" software. My job is twofold. First, make sure that the software
released by the lab is performant, free of serious bugs, and readily usable by the broader
scientific community.  Second, help ensure that our students achieve their educational, research,
and professional goals and (hopefully) learn a little (or a lot) about software development in the
process.

